[csv feeds] update documentation (#298)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/import/csv-feed.md

By adhering to these best practices, you ensure independence in managing rights for each import source through dedicated user and organization structures. In addition, you enable clear traceability to the entity's creator, facilitating source evaluation, dashboard creation, data filtering and other administrative tasks.

> In "Settings > Policies", you can now define a default group for ingestion user and so create a specific user on creating the CSV Feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under Settings > Policies, you can now define a default group for the ingestion user, allowing you to create a specific user when setting up the CSV Feed.
```

![Select default group in settings](../assets/settings_default_group.png)

## Configuration

Here's a step-by-step guide to configure Csv Feeds:

1. CSV URL: Provide the URL of the CSV file exposed from which items will be imported.

> 2. Configure your CSV Mapper
>    1. Define a CSV Mapper on the fly by clicking the "Inline CSV Mapper"
>    2. Choose the CSV mapper to be used to import the data.
> 3. Authentication type (if necessary): Enter the authentication type.
> 4. Select the scheduling interval; by default, it is set to 1 hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure Your CSV Mapper
    1. Create a CSV mapper on the fly by clicking "Inline CSV Mapper."
    2. Select the CSV mapper you want to use for data import.
3. Authentication Type (if required): Specify the authentication method to be used.
4. Scheduling Interval: Choose how often the feed should run. By default, this is set to 1 hour.
```
